h1. Sample Web Application

This project is a sample web application project which uses gradle as build tool.
Using gradle's plugins are

* java plugin
* groovy plugin ( optional )
* war plugin
* jetty plugin
* idea plugin ( you can use eclipse plugin of course )

h1. LICENSE

<pre><code class="txt">  Copyright 2012 mike_neck ( mike@mikeneck.org )

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
</code></pre>

h1. How to install and run test

h3. Install

# Clone this project.
# Run the command bellow
<pre><code class="sh">$ gradle idea
</code></pre>
# There is idea's ipr file under the project home.
# Load it with IntelliJ IDEA.

h3. Run test

# Run the command bellow
<pre><code class="sh">$ gradle test
</code></pre>
# After the tests finishing, you can find directory build under the project home.
# There is reports of test in <code>project-home/build/reports/tests/index.html</code>.

h3. Git

# Run the command bellow
<pre><code class="sh">$ gradle gitignore
</code></pre>
# After this command, you can find <code>.gitignore</code> file is created.

h3. Run Jetty

# Be sure that the port 3000 is not used.
# Run the commmand bellow
<pre><code class="sh">$ gradle runJetty
</pre></code>
# Then you can access http://localhost:3000/project-name/mys
# If it succeeds, the page will show *Hello, World*.
# To stop Jetty, press Ctrl + C simultaneously in the terminal.

h1. THINGS TO DO

* TO ENABLE ECLIPSE
